# Disclaimers and Risk Disclosures

This website, the Platform, and the services provided by the Group are not intended for, nor offered to, individuals or entities who reside in, are citizens of, or are incorporated: the United States, Mainland China, Hong Kong, Syria, Sudan, Myanmar, the Balkans, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Libya, Somalia, Zimbabwe, Belarus, Canada, Cuba, North Korea, Iran, Russia, the United Kingdom, Venezuela, Yemen, and specific regions in Ukraine and Russia, including the Crimea region, Donetsk People’s Republic (DNR), Luhansk People’s Republic (LNR), Kherson, and Zaporizhia, or other restricted or sanctioned countries.

This Statement outlines principal risks but does not constitute an exhaustive list of all possible risks associated with the services offered by the Group, which include the services we provide on our launchpad and staking platform with the domains gaib.ai, tgpu-ath1.gaib.cloud, relevant interfaces, subdomains, or any other websites, pages, features, mobile applications, application programming interface, or content that Good AI Pte. Ltd. and/or its affiliates (“Group”) owns or operates by itself and/or with certain authorized partners and service providers (collectively, the “Platform”). For the purpose of this Statement, “you” and “your” mean a user of our services. Users are strongly advised to read this Statement carefully before deciding to start using the Platform or services therein.

Before using any of the Group’s services, you should ensure that you fully understand the nature of the services, how it operates, your exposure to risks, and the potential losses that may arise.

1. General Risk Disclosure: Using the Group’s services, investing in tokenized GPUs or otherwise through the Platform involves significant inherent risks, including but not limited to market volatility and liquidity risks. The Group is not a broker, agent or advisor and has no fiduciary relationship or obligation to Users in connection with any transaction or other decision or activity undertaken by you in using the Group’s services. The value of and yields generated from tokenized GPUs may not be backed or supported by any governmental authority, and investors may face significant volatility. You should thoroughly understand the nature of any investment, the mechanics of the tokenization process, and the potential risks. You should carefully review your financial situation, experience, and objectives before engaging in any transaction. By participating, you acknowledge and assume all risks associated with your investment, including the potential loss of your entire investment. It is recommended that you consult with qualified financial, legal, and tax advisors prior to engaging in any transactions.
2. No Guarantees of Returns: While tokenized GPUs are designed to generate yields and potential platform rewards, there are no guarantees regarding the frequency or amount of such returns. The yield generated is dependent on various factors, including market conditions and the performance of the underlying GPU assets. There are no guarantees regarding the performance of any assets or the realization of returns. Crypto assets are not legal tender in most jurisdictions. Past performance is not indicative of future results, and you should not rely on any indicated potential returns as assurances of future earnings. There is no assurance that any platform rewards will possess intrinsic value or be convertible into cash or other assets.
3. Cryptocurrency and Conversion Risk: Tokenized GPUs can be purchased using cryptocurrencies such as $ETH, $BTC, $BNB, or stablecoins. The value of such cryptocurrencies may be highly volatile, and investors should be prepared for the risk of loss associated with cryptocurrency transactions. Fluctuations in the exchange markets may adversely impact the net proceeds from any transaction.&#x20;
4. Volatility Risk: Digital assets may decrease in value or lose all of its value due to various factors including discovery of wrongful conduct, market manipulation on trading, lending or other dealing platforms, change to the nature or properties of the digital asset, governmental or regulatory activity, legislative changes, suspension or cessation of support for a digital assets, public opinions, or other factors outside of our control. Technical advancements, as well as broader economic and political factors, may cause the value of digital assets to change significantly over a short period of time. Digital assets are highly risky, you may lose all of your investment and you should exercise caution when trading any digital assets.
5. Not a Bank Deposit under Applicable Laws: Any digital assets held by us for your benefit are not held as “deposits” within the meaning of any applicable law and are not eligible for any public or private deposit insurance protection or other protection programmes of a similar nature. For the avoidance of doubt, the Platform is not regulated by any authority.&#x20;
6. Jurisdiction Risks: Residents, tax residents or persons having a relevant connection with certain jurisdictions are excluded from carrying out digital asset transactions. Changes in the investor’s place of domicile or the applicable laws may result in the investor violating legal or regulatory requirements of the applicable jurisdiction. The investor is responsible for ensuring that any digital asset transaction is, and remains lawful despite changes to applicable laws, the investor’s jurisdiction of residence and circumstances. If the investor’s jurisdiction of residence imposes restrictions on digital asset transactions, we may be required to discontinue your access, and may not be permitted to transfer any digital assets back to you or permit you to transfer digital assets to yourself or others, until such time as the regulatory environment permits us to do so.&#x20;
7. Regulatory Status: The offering of this Platform and/or tokenized GPUs may be subject to regulatory scrutiny and compliance with applicable laws. Investors are responsible for understanding and adhering to the legal and regulatory requirements applicable in their jurisdiction. We may receive notices, queries, warnings, requests or rulings from one or more authorities upon short notice, or may even be ordered to suspend or terminate any action in connection with the Platform as a whole without prior notice. Furthermore, many aspects of the Platform involve untested areas of law and regulation, and could be subject to new laws or regulations. Therefore, their legal and regulatory outcome in all relevant jurisdictions is not possible to predict. The planning, development, marketing, promotion, execution or otherwise of the Platform may be seriously affected, hindered, postponed or terminated as a result of such new laws and/or regulations. There is no guarantee that the Platform can maintain any particular legal or regulatory status in any particular jurisdiction at any time. The Group retains the ultimate right to terminate or deny access or registration of any user from the Platform, for any or no reason.
8. Not Financial Advice: The information provided on this Platform is intended for informational purposes only and should not be construed as financial or investment advice. We make no representations or warranties with respect to the accuracy or completeness of such information.
9. Liquidity and Trading Risks: Although the tokenization process aims to enhance liquidity for GPU assets, the actual market for tokenized GPUs may be limited. Investors should be aware that the ability to buy or sell tokenized GPUs may be affected by market demand and supply conditions. Due to market conditions, the ability to withdraw or liquidate your yield generated from tokenized GPUs may be limited or delayed. Events such as Airdrops, Forks, or other network occurrences may also affect your ability to conduct transactions. The Group will not be liable for any losses arising from market liquidity issues.
10. Performance of Underlying Assets: The yields generated from tokenized GPUs are contingent upon the performance of the underlying GPU assets and the operational efficiency of the decentralized compute platforms. Market dynamics, technological advancements and operation conditions may impact these factors.
11. Default Risk: GAIB does not own underlying GPU assets. Such assets are owned by third parties. In the event of insolvency or default, you may rank as an unsecured creditor with no preferential claims to any assets.
12. Due Diligence: Investors are strongly advised to conduct thorough due diligence prior to investing through the Platform. This includes, but is not limited to, understanding the technology, market conditions, and associated risks.
13. Blockchain Risks: The use of blockchain technology carries inherent risks, including potential hacking, reliance on smart contract technology, which may contain bugs, defects, or vulnerabilities, reliance on open-source software and unpermissioned decentralized ledgers, loss of private keys, internet reliability issues, delays, or data corruption and technical failures. Users should take appropriate security measures to protect their assets. The execution of your transactions may not occur as intended, and the Group is not responsible for any losses resulting from these issues.
14. Cryptography: Cryptography is evolving and there can be no guarantee of security at all times. The security of our platform cannot be guaranteed as the future of cryptography or security innovations is unpredictable. Due to the technically complex nature of our platform, we could face difficulties from time to time that may be unforeseeable and/or unresolvable. Accordingly, the development of the platform could fail, terminate or be delayed at any time for any reason (including but not limited to a lack of funds).
15. Cyber-attacks and Fraudulent Activity: There may be attempts to steal digital assets on the Platform. The nature of digital assets exposes the investor to an increased risk of fraud or cyber-attack. The Platform may be targeted by malicious persons who may attempt to steal digital assets or otherwise intervene in a digital asset transaction. This includes (but is not limited to) interventions by way of distributed denial of service, sybil attacks, phishing, social engineering, hacking, smurfing, malware, double spending, majority-mining, consensus-based or other mining attacks, misinformation campaigns; forks; and spoofing. These malicious persons may target an investor in an attempt to steal any asset held by the investor, or to claim any asset that the investor may have purchased. This may involve unauthorised access to your wallet, log-in details or access method for your wallet, as well as unauthorised access to your computer, smartphone and any other devices. Your are solely responsible for protecting himself/herself against such actions. The Platform and website may also be vulnerable to exploitation of vulnerabilities in smart contracts and other code, as well as to human error. Victims may have difficulty recovering any losses resulting from these attacks. This could result in significant loss and/or other impact that may materially affect an investor’s interests. In addition, while we adopt quality assurance procedures to help ensure the source codes as accurately as possible reflect their intended operation, the flawlessness of the source codes, some of which may be open source codes, cannot be guaranteed. They may contain bugs, defects, inconsistencies, flaws or errors, which may disable some functionality, create vulnerabilities or cause instability. Such flaws may compromise the predictability, usability, stability, and/or security of the platform. Open source codes rely on transparency to promote community-sourced identification and solution of problems within the code.
16. Other Technology-related Risks: Operation of the Platform relies heavily on the internet and other technologies. However, the public nature of the internet means that either parts of the internet or the entire internet may be unreliable or unavailable at any given time. Further, interruption, delay, corruption or loss of data, the loss of confidentiality in the transmission of data, or the transmission of malware may occur when transmitting data via the internet and/or other technologies. The result of the above may be that your digital asset transaction is not executed according to your instructions, at the desired time, or not at all. No authentication, verification or computer security technology is completely secure or safe. The internet or other electronic media  are an inherently unreliable form of communication, and such unreliability may be beyond the Platform’s control. Any information (including any document) transmitted, or communication or transactions made, over the internet or through other electronic media may be subject to interruption, transmission blackout, delayed transmission due to data volume, internet traffic, market volatility or incorrect data transmission (including incorrect price quotation) or stoppage of price data feed due to the public nature of the internet or other electronic media.&#x20;
17. Loss of Private Key is Permanent and Irreversible: You should note that the investor alone is responsible for securing his/her private key for any address with respect to digital assets. Any loss of control of the private key by the investor will permanently and irreversibly deny the investor access to such digital assets and a means of proving their ownership in the digital assets. Neither the Group nor any other person will be able to retrieve or protect the digital assets not held by the Group. Once lost, the investor will not be able to transfer such digital assets to any other address or wallet. This means that the investor will also not be able to realize any value or utility that the digital assets may hold now or in future.
18. Counterparty Risk: Third parties such as payment providers, custodians, exchanges, and banking partners may be involved in the provision of the Group’s services. You may be subject to the terms and conditions of these third parties, and the Group cannot be responsible for any losses these third parties may cause you.
19. Commissions and Fees: You should obtain details of all fees, costs, charges, expenses and commissions updated from time to time for which you will be liable before conducting any transaction on the Platform. If any of the foregoing is unclear to the investor, it is the responsibility of the investor to clarify such fees, costs, charges, expenses and commissions before entering into the transaction.
20. Tax Obligations: Investors are solely responsible for understanding and fulfilling their tax obligations related to transactions on the Platform.&#x20;
21. Independent Advice: You are strongly encouraged to seek independent professional advice regarding the suitability of any investment through the Platform, taking into consideration your individual circumstances.
22. Disclaimer of Warranties: TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THIS WEBSITE, SERVICES PROVIDED BY THE GROUP, THE PLATFORM, AND ALL RELATED INTERFACES ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND THE GROUP HEREBY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO ITS PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND/OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE GROUP DOES NOT WARRANT THAT ITS PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, INCLUDING ACCESS TO AND USE OF ITS WEBSITE, WILL BE CONTINUOUS, UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, COMPATIBLE WITH ANY SOFTWARE, SYSTEM, OR OTHER SERVICES, SECURE, COMPLETE, FREE OF HARMFUL CODE, OR ERROR-FREE. NO ADDITIONAL DUTIES SHALL BE IMPLIED. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE GROUP SHALL NOT ASSUME ANY FIDUCIARY DUTY OR OBLIGATION TO USERS.
23. Assumption of Risk: By proceeding to participate in transactions provided by the Group, you acknowledge and accept all associated risks. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Group shall not be liable for any losses incurred as a result of use of the Group’s services.

Contact and Support

1. Inquiries and Support: For any questions or concerns regarding the use of this Website or the Group’s services, please contact our support team at [contact@gaib.ai](mailto:contact@gaib.ai).
